faye and girls i'm delighted with you
find in a new video
I hope you enjoy the full benefit of
sun because right now in one
time you suffered in France which I hope
that you enjoy
and most importantly I hope you put
your sunscreen otherwise I type you
I 'm coming back with a video for you
talk about makeup and why do I
talk about that because I have an account
instagram so on my account instagram
I post makeup pictures of my
shoes
at night we do a little bit of everything
and anything but I noticed that
I had a lot a lot of
comments under my pictures of scenes
girl asking us what is my
secret to have a nice complexion what
are the secrets and tips for the long
pot etc
I do not really have a secret to you
give it's just I
makeup and I think if I'm there
happen I want to want to get there
also even if you have no notion
in make-up
I am in no way a
professional I'm not everything
I have no notion of makeup
project I do not have that at all it's not
at all my middle all I have
learned in makeup I learned it in
watching videos while reading blogs
watching bloggers from youtube
a lot of bloggers, that's all I have
learned by looking on the internet
do not forget that with makeup
can camouflaged everything can be changed
we can change the structure of a
face we can change to look we can
modify toys we can change a
project to change eyebrows that's it
can really everything changed and
modified with makeup so explode
you treat yourself especially
rest assured because in the morning I do not
does not look like it's gone
yeah
I am
m
you see
this
and
you see
nothing
Yes
m
here is the video is over I hope that
you liked it do not hesitate to leave a
comment and I want to add
something important and I think
that too little of him you still buzz and
bloggers do not talk about it often
I want to do it now doma
video is to pay close attention to
images that you can see on
instagram on blogs in videos
on youtube in magazines on TV
you have to know that all the images that
you see are photoshop and at are
retouched filters are applied to
top to embellish the quality here is
it's restructuring these fixtures is there
for perfect does not exist the face
perfect does not exist the perfect body
does not exist the perfect hair
does not exist kim kardashian does not exist
and do not wake up in the morning with his
super cool weather and it's super worry
the father is not at all it takes
know that before each release a
kardashian she has three or four of
hairdressers and makeup artists 300 adventure
she so so here I was really
to be specified
I think a lot plateau a lot
young women are looking for perfection
whereas perfection does not exist I
really wanted to mention it
specified is very careful about that
I finished my speech I tell you to the
next scene